Path: not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Thu, 15 Sep 2011 21:14:22 -0500
From: redear <redear@nowhere.com.invalid>
Newsgroups: alt.binaries.fonts
RedEar's Font Renamer Update - FontRenamer303.zip (0/1)
Date: Thu, 15 Sep 2011 21:14:23 -0500
Message-ID: <74c577h223m4hujrvsunsj7ms9qsdli0eu@4ax.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 4.2/32.1117
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 77
X-Usenet-Provider: http://www.giganews.com
X-Trace: sv3-x88m6yVnfiHmic0JzG8wdf74xyiwR3rbDh/YmPAcmdIDf7OP0LvhWjrMBW3yXV6h2yXRtrANbBXIe6J!EZ5F/bgzPjTK/GaFjsXopDI4/DGggVAQ6CxUacLriylytyzm7q8pxrRbhBZ/j1IOA2QSgqk=
X-Complaints-To: abuse@giganews.com
X-DMCA-Notifications: http://www.giganews.com/info/dmca.html
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.40
Bytes: 4244
X-Original-Bytes: 4183

Existing Users:

This release of RedEar's Font Renamer is an optional update for
existing users. It contains the following minor fixes and
enhancements:

- Fixed the context menu in the Font Name Info panel for Type 1 files
to disable the redundant View menu item for the currently displayed
file.

- Changed the behavior of double clicking or selecting and pressing
the Enter key on a file name when a modifier key is also pressed: the
Shift key shows the font sample and the Alt key displays the file
properties. This is now similar to the behavior of Windows Explorer.

- Corrected the list of "Related documentation files" in the Options
Dialog to include "*.cfg". The list is now consistent with the actual
processing.

- Changed headings in log file and cross-reference file to read
"RedEar's Font Renamer".

- Updated the Help file.

As always, please post suggestions and bug reports to
alt.binaries.fonts.

The latest version of RedEar's Font Renamer can also be found on the
Extra tab at http://abfonts.freehostia.com/.


New Users:

Please read the "Getting Started" sections in the help file before
using the program!

RedEar's Font Renamer is a Windows utility program that consistently
and automatically changes a font's external file name to match the
font's internal  name. Thus, for example, when looking at a renamed
file in Windows Explorer, you will see "Chaparral MM.pfb" rather than
"xtr_____.pfb",  a much more comprehensible name. In other words, you
get a meaningful file name, not a cryptic file name (which in most
cases was created  under the outdated 8.3 file naming conventions).

Because of individual whims or variations in the ways older automated
renamers handle characters that are invalid in a file name, many fonts
in the public domain are circulating with different names. A font
renamer allows you to bring consistency to your font collection and in
the process identify possible duplicates. (Note that there do exist
many font files that have the same internal name but are in fact
different fonts with different glyphs. Often, however, files with the
same internal name are in fact the same font.)

Font Renamer robustly renames all types of font files and related
files. It has extensive options to control the specific internal name
that is used for renaming, to handle invalid characters, and to fine
tune the renaming process. However, the default settings are
recommended for most users.

Font Renamer optionally checks that a font can actually be installed
by your operating system and can flag fonts that cannot.

Font Renamer does not change the contents of font files nor does it
fix bad fonts.

Note that you must have Microsoft .NET Framework 2.0 (the necessary
run-time files) installed. See the "Before You Begin" section in the
help file for information on obtaining the Framework if you have not
yet installed it.

If you are running a different operating system, you should look at
FontRename, one of several Java-based utilities by Keith Fenske, also
available on the Extra tab at http://abfonts.freehostia.com/ (as well
as other sites).


RedEar
