Path: not-for-mail
From: AlJones <al@mywebhome.net>
The Future of FontOrg
Newsgroups: alt.binaries.fonts
User-Agent: 40tude_Dialog/2.0.15.84
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="iso-8859-7"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
Organization: FontOrg
Message-ID: <1luzq112zmkvu.1paiyyuv7qowe.dlg@40tude.net>
Lines: 30
X-Complaints-To: abuse@easynews.com
X-Complaints-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly.
Date: Fri, 25 Dec 2009 13:59:00 -0600
Bytes: 2648

I think it's come time to put FontOrg to bed.  I think I've misproven the
statement that there is no way to automatically organize a font collection,
in fact, I think I've done a pretty decent job of it.
The problem is, that doing it by myself it is no longer an enjoyable task,
it's become a chore  (as it stands now, a real PITA).  Maintaining the
foundries and designers files has become a full time (full time after work)
job; and with the recent dump that red dragon did  on Rapidshare, I see
that even that has some bad entries.
When Mr McNasty was around, there was a continual interchange 'tween us
(and others) which made the task enjoyable.  His constant desire for change
drove me to try to effect his needs.  He also often provided me with
updates for the files so that I could spend my effort on the program.
I see that a couple of the commercial enterprises have attempted to
implement something similar, though mostly based on PANOSE information -
which isn't so bad as I'd have thought - so there probably will be
commercial alternatives "down the pike".
I have never been so proud of my code that I would not have welcomed
someone elses alternative.  One programmer said that he had thought of
doing something like it, but didn't.  And I see nothing in the works from
anyone else.
If someone - anyone - wants to submit corrections / additions to the files,
please feel free - don't send me the entire file - I won¢t take the time to
parse it, send me your desired changes and I'll update them as I have time
available.  On that note, I will keep FontOrg.us on-line for the
foreseeable future to distribute RedEar's FontRenamer and the changes to
the FO files.
If anyone wants to take up the torch, feel free to contact me at aljones
-at- fontorg -dot- us and we can discuss this mess of spaghetti code I call
a program.
//al
