Path: not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 03 Mar 2009 15:01:04 -0600
From: redear <redear@nowhere.com.invalid>
Newsgroups: alt.binaries.fonts
Update - FontRenamer217.zip (0/1)
Date: Tue, 03 Mar 2009 15:01:03 -0600
Message-ID: <6f6rq412kldafson0edvn96rupahk3v14v@4ax.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 4.2/32.1117
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 71
X-Usenet-Provider: http://www.giganews.com
X-Trace: sv3-3aQxUnoU9VfDEfUE/aG/LxZyQXLmvIHwqhS+CnDwpZyZRQ9fy92kM0ioWq8GhO682SJg0ZMndiOifC2!8FcUkVZ8ZX83lRDLYM/gOwvx49Oeg7ALZinQDGrNlMM/uIKajDe4ves9japjsP4a3pxPm2Q=
X-Complaints-To: abuse@giganews.com
X-DMCA-Notifications: http://www.giganews.com/info/dmca.html
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.39
Bytes: 3902

Existing Users:

This is the periodic release of a new version of Font Renamer. It
contains the following minor updates and bug fixes:

- Added refresh of file list before validation action to be consistent
with refresh before renaming actions

- Fixed a bug that let certain corrupt Type 1 files avoid proper
processing

- Added code to identify and flag certain improperly encoded Chinese
font files

- Fixed a bug converting large big-endian unsigned 16-bit integers to
little-endian 32-bit integers

All users are urged to upgrade to this version and to review the
Version History in the help file for a list of all changes. As always,
please post suggestions and bug reports to alt.binaries.fonts.

Thanks to al jones for making both the latest version and the last
version not requiring Microsoft Framework 2.0 available from his Web
site, http://fontorg.us.

New Users:

Please read the "Getting Started" sections in the help file before
using the program!

FontRenamer is a utility program that consistently and automatically
changes a font's external file name to match the font's internal name.
Thus, for example, when looking at a renamed file in Windows Explorer,
you will see "Chaparral MM.pfb" rather than "xtr_____.pfb", a much
more comprehensible name. In other words, you get a meaningful file
name, not a cryptic file name (which in most cases was created under
the outdated 8.3 file naming conventions).

Because of individual whims or variations in the ways older automated
renamers handle characters that are invalid in a file name, many fonts
in the public domain are circulating with different names. A font
renamer allows you to bring consistency to your font collection and in
the process identify possible duplicates. (Note that there do exist
many font files that have the same internal name but are in fact
different fonts with different glyphs. Often, however, files with the
same internal name are in fact the same font.)

FontRenamer robustly renames all types of font files and related
files. It has extensive options to control the specific internal name
that is used for renaming, to handle invalid characters, and to fine
tune the renaming process. The default settings will be suitable for
most users, although Windows 98 and Windows ME users may choose to use
the ANSI rather than the Unicode compatibility option.

Font Renamer optionally checks that a font can actually be installed
by your operating system and can flag fonts that cannot.

Font Renamer does not change the contents of font files nor does it
fix bad fonts.

Note that you must have Microsoft .NET Framework 2.0 (the necessary
run-time files) installed. (See the "Before You Begin" section in the
help file for information on obtaining the Framework if you have not
yet installed it.)



redear



