Path: not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Fri, 17 Sep 2010 23:35:58 -0500
From: redear <redear@nowhere.com.invalid>
Newsgroups: alt.binaries.fonts
Update RedEar's Font Renamer - FontRenamer302.zip (0/1)
Date: Fri, 17 Sep 2010 23:35:59 -0500
Message-ID: <b8g896lrhpau497fu1mh0r9u1hbaq872fu@4ax.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 4.2/32.1117
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 78
X-Usenet-Provider: http://www.giganews.com
X-Trace: sv3-1wfZln6oi7Ot1UCn3qpjCazdGZUrapfoxMWeLloWJPhNarpObaenvTK/DObEnBOaN104ERS28nhn8Ez!qamYBZRzOwjqc17RLtX/PlQscEBeAponOfRpdU+zJSqdQmeAK99P/9nNIvn2jBdyRyrq6Rg=
X-Complaints-To: abuse@giganews.com
X-DMCA-Notifications: http://www.giganews.com/info/dmca.html
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.40
Bytes: 4463
Xref: highwinds alt.binaries.fonts:328669

Existing Users:

In order to minimize confusion with other products having the generic
name "FontRenamer", with this release I am formally changing the
product name of my renamer to "RedEar's Font Renamer". This rebranding
does not affect the name of the executable or other files, so you will
not need to change references in shortcuts or batch files. But the
full name will appear in the title bar of the program's window, the
About dialog, and other places. And as you may have noticed, I will
refer to it using the full name in messages.

This release also contains a few minor fixes and enhancements, Since I
regularly use the program myself, I occasionally notice a feature that
needs fixing or can be improved. This quarter I made the following
changes:

- Adjusted tab stops in Font Name Info panel to change as display font
size changes

- Fixed failure to save splitter positions when program closed while
maximized

- Enhanced and corrected information in Font Name Info panel for files
that cannot be identified and/or renamed

- Updated the Troubleshooting section in the Help file to deal with
the problem of special folders like My Documents not displaying in the
folder tree

All users are urged to upgrade to this version and to review the
Version History in the help file for a list of all changes. As always,
please post suggestions and bug reports to alt.binaries.fonts.

Thanks to al jones for making RedEar's Font Renamer available from his
Web site, http://fontorg.us/.


New Users:

Please read the "Getting Started" sections in the help file before
using the program!

RedEar's Font Renamer is a utility program that consistently and
automatically changes a font's external file name to match the font's
internal  name. Thus, for example, when looking at a renamed file in
Windows Explorer, you will see "Chaparral MM.pfb" rather than
"xtr_____.pfb",  a much more comprehensible name. In other words, you
get a meaningful file name, not a cryptic file name (which in most
cases was created  under the outdated 8.3 file naming conventions).

Because of individual whims or variations in the ways older automated
renamers handle characters that are invalid in a file name, many fonts
in the public domain are circulating with different names. A font
renamer allows you to bring consistency to your font collection and in
the process identify possible duplicates. (Note that there do exist
many font files that have the same internal name but are in fact
different fonts with different glyphs. Often, however, files with the
same internal name are in fact the same font.)

Font Renamer robustly renames all types of font files and related
files. It has extensive options to control the specific internal name
that is used for renaming, to handle invalid characters, and to fine
tune the renaming process. However, the default settings are
recommended for most users.

Font Renamer optionally checks that a font can actually be installed
by your operating system and can flag fonts that cannot.

Font Renamer does not change the contents of font files nor does it
fix bad fonts.

Note that you must have Microsoft .NET Framework 2.0 (the necessary
run-time files) installed. (See the "Before You Begin" section in the
help file for information on obtaining the Framework if you have not
yet installed it.)


redear
