Path: not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 09 Feb 2015 18:28:13 -0600
From: redear <redear@nowhere.com.invalid>
Newsgroups: alt.binaries.fonts
UPDATE - RedEar's Font Renamer - FontRenamer307.zip (0/1)
Date: Mon, 09 Feb 2015 18:28:11 -0600
Message-ID: <bmjida116l8mlr50cmieu4hjn8khu6k25h@4ax.com>
User-Agent: ForteAgent/7.20.32.1218
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 72
X-Usenet-Provider: http://www.giganews.com
X-Trace: sv3-SQvc4bBThUhs5LyLsjh1O7bsE7Tc30xIE9Yjdf1RWxgz4TXZ2purQQZB0PaucjwwedTf5ChSaMDdhok!/SEx42/YY/jiRcvW3PdpoRPy3FZj9OaTFY94AZR2Rg1p8iHpDyswvgEu2tylIiBTecZXe4A=
X-Complaints-To: abuse@giganews.com
X-DMCA-Notifications: http://www.giganews.com/info/dmca.html
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.40
Bytes: 4105
X-Original-Bytes: 4012
X-Received-Bytes: 4155
X-Received-Body-CRC: 755964538

Existing Users:

This is a minor update and bug fix for RedEar's Font Renamer. All
users of Font Renamer should install this update, particularly if you
are running in a multi-monitor environment.

This release, version 3.0.7, contains the following fixes:

- Corrected the processing that keeps the main window fully visible so
that it works properly in a multi-monitor environment

- Corrected the processing of relative directory references on the
command line

- Added Windows 8.1 and Windows 10 to processing that identifies OS
version for error log 

- Changed the Exit button image on the tool bar

I also added a comment to the Easter Egg, although to my knowledge
nobody has ever found the egg.

As always, please post suggestions and bug reports to
alt.binaries.fonts.

The latest version of RedEar's Font Renamer can also be found on the
Extra tab at http://abfonts.freehostia.com/.


New Users:

Please read the "Getting Started" sections in the help file before
using the program!

RedEar's Font Renamer is a Windows utility program that consistently
and automatically changes a font's external file name to match the
font's internal name. Thus, for example, when looking at a renamed
file in Windows Explorer, you will see "Chaparral MM.pfb" rather than
"xtr_____.pfb", a much more comprehensible name. In other words, you
get a meaningful file name, not a cryptic file name (which in most
cases was created under the outdated 8.3 file naming conventions).

Because of individual whims or variations in the ways older automated
renamers handle characters that are invalid in a file name, many fonts
in the public domain are circulating with different names. A font
renamer allows you to bring consistency to your font collection and in
the process identify possible duplicates. (Note that there do exist
many font files that have the same internal name but are in fact
different fonts with different glyphs. Often, however, files with the
same internal name are in fact the same font.)

Font Renamer robustly renames all types of font files and related
files. It has extensive options to control the specific internal name
that is used for renaming, to handle invalid characters, and to fine
tune the renaming process. However, the default settings are
recommended for most users.

Font Renamer optionally checks that a font can actually be installed
by your operating system and can flag fonts that cannot.Font Renamer
does not change the contents of font files nor does it fix bad fonts.

Note that you must have Microsoft .NET Framework 2.0 (the necessary
run-time files) installed. See the "Before You Begin" section in the
help file for information on obtaining the Framework if you have not
yet installed it.

If you are running a different operating system, you should look at
FontRename, one of several Java-based utilities by Keith Fenske, also
available on the Extra tab at http://abfonts.freehostia.com/.


RedEar
