Path: not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 28 Apr 2010 17:54:12 -0500
From: redear <redear@nowhere.com.invalid>
Newsgroups: alt.binaries.fonts
Update - FontRenamer300.zip (0/1)
Date: Wed, 28 Apr 2010 17:54:13 -0500
Message-ID: <uoeht5h9khjif3s753k7uhirnolkeo3j82@4ax.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 4.2/32.1117
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 140
X-Usenet-Provider: http://www.giganews.com
X-Trace: sv3-WUpmo0Mp7OuO557iZ2bjbQ0tgHbADahh/I3IvNPcR6vyt9aLGxdKAziyDXeqhOpGfFs1P7Njt0KTCFa!+Sdg3osiU9EuGdgjUFaH+ky9pwWMU7VTAjjzjuSZwKnhcfgh5Auyvg5XX1xaxv2ACoQbaeQ=
X-Complaints-To: abuse@giganews.com
X-DMCA-Notifications: http://www.giganews.com/info/dmca.html
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.40

Existing users:

I have labeled this a new major release (Version 3) because the
outmoded drive, folder and file list box controls have been replaced
with more modern and flexible folder tree and file list controls. This
provides a few more options for the user that have been requested in
the past but were not available in prior versions; it also fixes a
long-standing but rare bug that could not be fixed with the older file
list box. In addition, I have introduced a change, described in item
6. below, affecting the renaming of bitmapped font files (FON files);
this change breaks compatibility with previous versions.

Despite the new major release number, users should not see much
difference in the look, feel or performance of Font Renamer.

Here is what is new in Version 3:

1. The user interface has been updated with more modern and flexible
folder tree and file list controls.

2. You can now show and process hidden and/or system folders. This was
not possible in Version 2. Note that processing hidden and/or system
folders can be dangerous and these options are off by default. You can
also show and process hidden and/or system files. Version 2 always
processed hidden files but not system files. For compatibility with
Version 2, processing hidden files is on by default and processing
system files is off by default. These four options are accessed
through the View and Show items on the main menu. Settings are
remembered from run to run.

3. The context (right click) menu in the folder tree contains a new
menu item labeled Expand on Select. When on, clicking the label of a
node in the folder tree will cause the node to be selected and will
also expand it one level. (This is the way Windows Explorer operates.)
When off, clicking the label of a node in the tree will select it; in
order to expand the node you must click on the plus sign next to the
label. This setting is off by default and is remembered from run to
run.

4. There are a few Chinese-Japanese-Korean files circulating with file
names containing invalid Unicode characters. Two such files with names
differing only by such an invalid character could cause the old file
list control to fail. This bug should now be fixed.

5. The vast majority of bitmapped font files (FON files) consist of
one or more FNT files embedded in an old 16-bit New Executable (NE)
format executable file with a ".fon" extension. However, it is also
possible to embed the FNT files in a newer Portable Executable (PE)
format file (although I have seen just two examples). Version 2 of
Font Renamer treated these files as an unsupported file type. Since
Windows and some font editing programs support them, I have added
support for them in Version 3.

6. BREAKING CHANGE. While adding support for bitmapped font files
embedded in PE format files, I noticed that Fon tRenamer does not
match the Windows Font Viewer naming convention for traditional FON
files. For files with multiple face names (i.e., multiple FNT files),
Version 2 always selected the last face name in the file; Windows Font
Viewer selects the first face name. I have rarely broken backward
compatibility, but in this case I have changed to the Windows
convention. Although it affects a small percentage of files, users who
do have non-system FON files are urged to rename them to be consistent
with the new convention and avoid future false duplicates.

Just a reminder: Windows gives system FON files (such as 8514FIX.FON,
for example) a filename totally unrelated to the internal font names
and which Font Renamer cannot reproduce. For this reason such files
should not be renamed, even when they are in a folder other than the
Fonts folder.

7. You can now quickly increase or decrease the text font size by one
point (within limits) with the keyboard shortcuts CTRL+SHIFT+> and
CTRL+SHIFT+<. (These are the same shortcuts used in Microsoft Office.)

8. The keyboard shortcuts for quickly changing the size of the window
or moving the splitters have been changed. Increase or decrease the
width or height of the main window by using the arrow keys with the
CTRL key. Similarly, the arrow keys with the CTRL and SHIFT keys will
move the vertical splitter (assuming the Font Name Info text box is
showing) and the horizontal splitter.

9. Version 2 allowed you to drag and drop a folder or file (either the
icon or the name as a text string) to the folder list or file list;
Font Renamer would then open the folder. Version 2 also allowed you to
drag and drop text from the Font Name Info box to a drag and
drop-aware application. Version 3 adds the ability to drag and drop a
single file from the file list: dropping the file on a program icon
will start the program and pass the file name to the program as a
command line parameter; dropping the file on an Explorer window will
copy the file.

All users of earlier versions are urged to upgrade to this version and
to review the Version History in the help file for a list of all
changes. As always, please post suggestions and bug reports to
alt.binaries.fonts.

Thanks to al jones for hosting the current version of Font Renamer at
http://fontorg.us/download.html.


New Users:

Please read the "Getting Started" sections in the help file before
using the program!

Font Renamer is a utility program that consistently and automatically
changes a font's external file name to match the font's internal name.
Thus, for example, when looking at a renamed file in Windows Explorer,
you will see "Chaparral MM.pfb" rather than "xtr_____.pfb", a much
more comprehensible name. In other words, you get a meaningful file
name, not a cryptic file name (which in most cases was created under
the outdated 8.3 file naming conventions).

Because of individual whims or variations in the ways older automated
renamers handle characters that are invalid in a file name, many fonts
in the public domain are circulating with different names. A font
renamer allows you to bring consistency to your font collection and in
the process identify possible duplicates. (Note that there do exist
many font files that have the same internal name but are in fact
different fonts with different glyphs. Often, however, files with the
same internal name are in fact the same font.)

Font Renamer robustly renames all types of font files and related
files. It has extensive options to control the specific internal name
that is used for renaming, to handle invalid characters, and to fine
tune the renaming process. The default settings are recommended for
most users.

Font Renamer optionally checks that a font can actually be installed
by your operating system and can flag fonts that cannot.

Font Renamer does not change the contents of font files nor does it
fix bad fonts.

Note that you must have Microsoft .NET Framework 2.0 (the necessary
run-time files) installed. (See the "Before You Begin" section in the
help file for information on obtaining the Framework if you have not
yet installed it.)

redear
